to renew its fleet and meet the
criteria established by the company
metropolitan urban transport
manager of intercity transport
metropolitan area of ​​the
paraiba and north coast
abc transports of taubaté presented
the authorities to define and
press 15 new cars
evandro losacco operational director of
mated that this incorporation is
part of the measures necessary to
adjustment to company procedures
manager of intercity transport
in the region
the state owns the bus lines
intermarriage that gives a permit
for the cleaned operator to do so.
avionics operation in case here abc
so what we 're seeing here is a
investment of the operating company in
renew 100% of the fleet that meets this
region here my mother gave taubaté
tremembe and also with extension to
hunt our lines that will be
covered with the bus without being
renewed zero kilometer
the euro 5 which is a less fuel
pollutant is not accessible with all
eyes will have elevators to
wheelchairs
so be it is a fleet that will improve
the quality of transport in the region
leading to the elderly.
some criterion as determined by the
law
this is a state law to state law
of the gratuity of the elderly over 65 years
then when they enter the system
state that the intermunicipal only accepts
been over 65 years and said that
if new cars have all the
sensitivity
there is also the monitoring of
security by internal cameras
if not some buses turn this around
this is a process that little by little the
companies are putting it is not but in these
here are still being delivered but not
in the near future must have all
monitoring we are doing is
installing gps we have today
there in São Bernardo is a center
operating the entire fleet.
intermunicipal the fifth version of the valley
of paraiba with gps being installed
and I believe the same month a little we
We will be controlling the entire fleet.
through a GPS system with a
location
this will give greater control of the
of the departure bus itinerary is
to avoid the excess of passengers and
lack all maintenance of these cars
then it would be the responsibility of the
concessionaire abc exactly the same as the
operator who maintains the dream
is the owner of the vehicle
the state only manages other providence
already in progress refers to the
installation of so-called purposes
bus terminals, preferably
near via dutra we are
studying together with the mayor there
Vitor go there we already have a
claim that we call
purposes that are mini terminals, do not
will have a redevelopment of the environment
so that there is a bus stop with a
little right infrastructure
both the engines with the users of the
lines we are already studying here where
probably did not see the first
must be moreira caesar and already
implement this purpose here in the region
the fare for these buses is how it was
considered the tariff remains the same
is being charged today only with a
fleet at our rate it is
according to the mileage of the
line is because one is a grid
kilometer input varies from 2 75 up to 3
and cute real depending on the line
second hand to nair representing the
permission to go down the company is
promoting the renewal in 5% of its
fleet a jump in quality of
transport of the region
then your known is the managing body
very capable staff that is sure to
contribute greatly to the quality of
service you want to print in the region
currently the service of winning 180
thousand passengers per month
comprising in the lines pinda taubaté
by the old road pinda taubaté travel
from santana tremembé caçapava tremembé
taubaté there was santana garden and tremembé
taubaté via bica da glory new cars
meet current abnt standards
Brazilian Association of Technical Standards
as accessibility security is
other detail highlighted on normal days
or on rainy days the speed of
automatically adjusted
including preventing buses from departing
in second gear and with doors open
the mayor vitor ardito highlighted the
importance of the presentation of the new
buses and you said already exist in
with another brown bird
permission to replace
a large part of its fleet
obeying the same criteria as mt and
very important in our region more
new eyes to sensitize a bus
days saw another important then
population will be well served 15 new
today 31 the whip and 15 today will give a
very special attention to everyone
claiming 26 copy telescopes
illegal state government that in the background
do this job I think this is the
our governor-general today I have
our metropolitan region mind and this
appreciated that he changed all this
work so today is a day too
important in the city
we are
the staff of são paulo return and
Rolling down to bring those buses
delivery to the population , taking legal opinion
talked about the purposes of
terminals that can be installed and
prediction of the former and moreira caesar is
Truth we can 116 pre-project
remembering year claimed that são paulo
there is a possibility that people
do there in moreira caesar
the first terminal of moreira caesar
we have to own a land and a
We are going with this urban terminal is
important modification has already won
enough because we have many incursions there
is close to the other location that we
we will expropriate and it will give the
conditions by the population
of the district is a first
moreira caesar km already have and we are
thinking also about time beyond the amazon
and also gets a bit off the route right
You have to get in.
if this company will enter into oran then
It will take passengers on the line.
urban as our dealership
then it gets a little difficult
but today it is dark to Caesar what we
let's do it
the mayor while the company bird
with it is already integrated into the mt or
is there any provision for substitution
buses or for the inclusion of
new vehicles
We can even talk and vote as
also asking you, I will not talk to you
he about this problem today is
interesting yes we talk to
improving the test fleet has
awareness always new proportion
accessibility needs to enter the
bus that we have people who
need this work
Let's work up said